[pop music playing]
THE AMBIVALENT
Are you trying to tell me Ivan
left of his own free will?
Yes.
He told me
he was intrigued by The Blessed.
[Heinrich] Wait. do you mean
he chose The Blessed over us?
[Chang] That's just
so unbelievable.
[Geronimo] Maybe he had
some kind of ulterior motive.
I don't know.
But he did say there was
something we all needed to do.
There's something we need to do?
What do you think that is?
Looks like our only option
is to ask that woman.
[Catalina] Please don't worry.
At the moment, I have no reason
to fight you people at all,
not that you'd have reason
to believe what I say.
[Joe] Not true.
We do believe you.
Joe.
[Catalina] You really are
a hopeless pushover.
Catalina, first of all,
would you mind telling everyone
about your powers?
I'd like for you
to reassure them.
I am telepathic.
The effect of my powers
is limited to the ones
you call The Blessed,
but I conduct
multiple telepathic
transmissions simultaneously.
So, in other words,
what you're saying
is that by using you
as a conduit,
everyone tuning in
can communicate.
Correct.
By connecting a link with me,
no matter where they are,
our comrades are able to share
their thoughts and plans
on an immediate basis.
That's why you're called Linker.
And as such, I'm privy
to every single conversation
that used me as a conduit,
meaning that of course I know
everything there is to know
about the Emperor's scheme.
I know who you're referring to.
Tell us what you know, Catalina.
Tell us what he's
intending to do.
What I want, Ivan, is to rule
this species called "humans."
[Ivan, telepathically]
So the only way
humanity can escape extinction
is by being subjected
to forced evolution
at your hands.
Is that what you're saying?
They really are
such foolish creatures.
No amount of inadequate guidance
can save them from
their inevitable annihilation.
I see.
So that makes this proof
of your failure, then?
The hour of destruction is near.
You believe that yourself
as well, don't you?
That's why you chose
to come with me.
Don't forget.
I'm one of those humans
on the brink of destruction.
Ivan, you're selling
yourself too short.
You're actually more similar
to us than you realize.
[Gilmore] Wait a minute.
"A Forced Evolution Plan
for Humanity"?
The Emperor has concluded
that implementing this plan
is the only way
that we can coexist.
Success rate is only at 5%?
We can't allow that.
The 5% they're talking about
means that over
6 billion people will perish.
It's genocide!
Even those that do survive
are still doomed.
They're destined
to be victims of The Blessed.
Elevating emotions
over simple logic,
that is a human response.
It's a idea we can
ill afford to overlook.
Obviously. Precisely the reason
we have been proceeding
in secret.
Then Ivan, he was telling us
we should thwart this intention?
I do not believe this.
What the hell is going on?
Jet, you're okay!
So you finally chose
to wake up, did you?
Yeah, thanks to all of you,
but I seem to have
slept in too long.
I'm finding it real hard
to wrap my head around all this.
Why do you think you could?
Does anyone care
to explain the situation
to our very own
snoozing sweetheart?
[Catalina]
For the last few months,
Dynamic Ultra's
Aerospace R & D department
has been launching rockets
into space
at the rate
of one every two weeks.
On paper, their mission
was to transport supplies
to a microgravity
experiment station
orbiting at an altitude
of 400 kilometers.
[gasps] You don't mean...
Correct. The micro-drones
are all going to be released
-from that station.
-What?
[gasps]
-[Jet] Hold on a sec.
-[all gasp]
Please...
you're not actually swallowing
this traitor's story?
What proof does she have?
Why should we believe her?
Jet.
I would like to know as well.
Do you have anything convincing
to offer us?
A worthwhile reason
you'd tip us off?
Only that an unforeseen,
undetermined element
has appeared.
[gasps]
The Emperor is aware
and apparently doesn't think
it's much of a problem,
but that element has put
our plan at significant risk.
Even if that's true, how can you
betray them so easily?
Those people were your comrades
until only an hour ago.
We have
no concept of friendship.
We were only working together,
because we had interests
that were shared.
So once you part ways
with The Blessed,
you have no feelings
for them whatsoever?
Why would I?
[gasps]
[Catalina] Is that
beyond your comprehension?
Despite possessing
physical powers
far superior
to that of common man,
you cannot escape
the yoke of emotion,
your weak point as cyborgs.
[gasps]
That's enough out of you.
We understand why you
spilled your guts to us,
but you still haven't shown us
anything to prove your story.
You can choose
not to acknowledge this.
Do whatever you want.
That's all I have
to say to you on this.
Françoise,
would you take a moment
to confirm
those rocket launches?
Just a second.
Yes. All of the launch plans
she mentioned
were announced earlier.
All of the rocket launches
were recorded
and completely
documented by NORAD.
There was likely
a launch today as well.
That's correct.
It was 8:00 a.m. this morning,
Eastern Standard Time.
[Catalina] That would have been
the last of the rockets.
[Gilmore]
What do you mean "last"?
Just what I said.
The work of this
particular rocket is delivering
specialized attitude control
propellant to the station.
Once the station is replenished,
it will change course
and begin dropping
atmospheric reentry capsules
loaded with micro-drones
toward the Earth below.
After being dropped,
multiple reentry vehicles
will separate from the capsules
while passing
through the atmosphere,
and upon reaching
the stratosphere,
the reentry vehicles
will subsequently
release the micro-drones.
-[gasps]
-Hmm.
-[sighs]
-[both gasp]
The virus being carried
by the micro-drones
will be released
on the humans below.
It will proliferate even as it
forces its host to evolve.
As it's expelled into the air
through coughing and sneezing,
it will trigger
continuing infection.
Hold on.
You're saying this contagion
-is spreading through the air?
-That's right.
Once that point is reached,
there will be no way
of preventing
the continuing contagion.
The contamination will spread
in an explosive fashion
from person to person.
Wait. What the bloody hell?
Doctor.
Hmm.
Unfortunately we have no choice
but to believe her.
[gasps]
Françoise, what's the status
of the rocket
that launched this morning?
The unmanned supply vehicle
has already separated
and is on trajectory
for the station's orbit.
It's due to arrive
in approximately eight hours.
We really
only have eight hours?
[gasps] Doctor...
are there any weapons
on this ship
we can use to shoot it down?
Ideally I'd say no.
[Catalina] I don't recommend it.
Once the station is destroyed,
the micro-drones
will scatter through its orbit
along with the other debris.
Then of course,
they will eventually be drawn in
by the Earth's
gravitational pull
and rain down on the ground.
[Gilmore] Surely many drones
would never even breach
the atmosphere.
That may be true,
but they threaten mankind
should any reach the ground.
Also, for the same reason,
it would be risky
to use ground-based fire
on the reentry capsules.
Then just what do you suggest?
Your best chance
is to go to the station.
Once there, you could deflect
all of the virus
from Earth's orbit
into the void of outer space.
You say that
like there's nothing to it.
But the Dolphin III is not able
to go beyond the atmosphere.
[groans] So you're saying
there's nothing more we can do?
No. We're not
out of options yet.
[cyborgs gasp]
[G.B.] A rocket, huh?
You mean fly
to outer space in that?
Usually this device
would be used
to intercept other missiles
at high altitude.
We can uncouple the warhead,
position the Dolphin III
at the proper elevation,
and send the missile off.
Mathematically, at least,
it should be possible
to reach the station's orbit
and in time.
Agreed, but in order
to reach that elevation,
there will be
weight limitations.
Hmm. I'd say that three
is the most we can send
out there to the station.
[Joe] Only three, huh?
[Jet] Since I'm the only one
who can move
through outer space on his own,
-I'll go.
-[Heinrich] I'll go, too.
We don't know if the station
is loaded with guns.
You'll need firepower.
[Joe] All right, then.
Jet, Heinrich, me...
we'll go.
Then it's settled.
Let's get started
as quickly as we can.
[cyborgs] Roger.
[sighs]
[Gilmore] All right.
If we can believe
the public blueprints,
by leaving
the station's core intact,
uncoupling and releasing
all unnecessary modules,
we can boost the thrust
to maximum levels,
attaining escape velocity.
Once it has left Earth's orbit,
it will then
vector around Venus,
sufficiently changing
the trajectory
so that ultimately
it will plunge into the sun.
[Jet] Who would have guessed
they'd make
those blueprints public?
[Françoise] Technically
the listing for it
is a research station
for a private firm.
But we won't know
if it's accurate
unless we go see firsthand.
[alarm blares]
[Françoise]
The hangar hatch is open.
[Joe] Catalina!
And where do you
think you're going?
Who knows?
Weren't you supposed
to fight alongside us?
I mean, after all,
you were the one
who said we had to thwart
the Emperor's scheme.
That in itself is not
a reason to fight with you.
Maybe not, but...
009, why are you
going into space?
What?
You may be a cyborg,
but outer space still
holds danger for you as well.
There's no guarantee
that you'll return.
Hey, I knew that was the case.
[Catalina] Then how
were you able to say
that you'd do so
without hesitation?
[Catalina] Keep in mind
that synthetic viruses
have no effect on cyborgs.
Even in a world
where the entire human race
has been subjected
to forced evolution,
cyborgs would certainly
survive without incident.
So tell me, why would
you be willing to risk
your own existence
for those miserable humans?
[Joe] I can't stand by and
allow that many people to die
without even knowing why,
and that's reason enough.
On top of that,
do you have any idea
of the full extent
of your powers?
[gasps]
Your Accelerator
isn't merely an ability
that allows you to move around
at a high velocity.
Regardless of how much
you accelerate,
you must be able to control it.
At those physical speeds,
your senses should
not be able to keep pace,
but you still have
perception and control
and can even plan ahead.
Your brain's processing speed
has been boosted by a factor
of several hundred times.
In other words,
while you're accelerating,
your brain is in the same state
as if it were being overclocked.
If humankind can acquire
the same powers
through forced evolution,
The Blessed are no longer fit
to serve
as the lords of creation.
Humanity will defend itself,
and we will all
end up perishing.
That situation
must be averted at all costs.
Catalina,
that undetermined element
you were mentioning earlier...
I was referring to you, 009.
But I...
Tell me, when you accelerate,
what does it look like to you?
Time comes to a stop
for you in that reality.
What is it you're feeling
in those moments?
That day, I know for a fact
that you went back in time.
If you wished,
you could even have gone back
to the time
when you were still human,
and yet you chose
to remain a cyborg
who is fighting for humanity...
without anyone knowing,
without ever receiving thanks.
And if that's the case,
how can you go on fighting?
There are times
when I do find it painful,
and I admit there are times
when I want to escape
all this fighting,
but if it's a fight
that only I will be able to win,
I won't run away from it.
I admit I never asked
for these powers,
but if I can save
even one person by using them,
then I'm going to accelerate
without a second thought,
forget the past, move on.
Humph.
You're the personification
of a good man.
Catalina!
Ready on scramjet. Ignite.
[Pyunma] Ignited.
Altitude of 50,000 meters,
maximum altitude.
Entering stratopause.
Prepare to fire the rocket.
Prep is done.
Starting countdown.
10, 9, 8,
7, 6, 5,
4, 3,
2, 1,
ignition.
Vessel is steadily ascending.
Stand by. The booster's fuel
will be depleted soon.
[gasps]
[Françoise] Booster separation.
Optimal trajectory
is now achieved.
We have a successful launch.
[both sigh]
[Gilmore] Mm.
Well, then I guess
I'll be heading out, too.
Counting on you, 007.
[G.B.] Fret not.
You can leave it to me.
If Lucy's not here
when Heinrich gets back,
it is not gonna be
a pretty sight.
Target in sight
Gotcha.
Now for the tricky part.
[Françoise] Update.
The unmanned supply ship
has just docked
with the station.
We're on track
to change your vector.
I can monitor things from here.
[Joe] Roger that.
[Françoise] Are you guys ready?
[Joe, via brainwave]
Yeah.
[Heinrich] Anytime.
[Joe] Just do it.
Fairing release.
[Jet] Let's go.
[Françoise] Remember,
your blood oxygen
is only good for 15 minutes.
[Jet] Copy that.
[Heinrich]
It's actually more ominous,
nothing going on.
[Joe] It's no use
thinking about it.
Let's keep moving in.
[Françoise] 002,
prepare for reverse thrust.
[Jet] Roger that.
It's gonna be a bumpy landing.
[Heinrich] I knew that
from the moment we teamed up,
and I still came along.
[Joe] Don't hold back.
[Jet] Okay. 3, 2, 1,
ignition!
[grunts]
[Joe] 004!
[Jet grunts]
We came this close
to putting another man
in orbit.
[Heinrich] My bad.
[Jet] No time for apologies.
[cyborgs gasp]
[Heinrich] This guy again?
[Jet] Let's get to the airlock.
Hey, hurry it up.
Ten minutes O-2 left.
[Joe] 002, come on!
Wait!
002, what are you doing?
[Jet] You two go on ahead.
I'm going to take care
of that bastard.
002, watch your back.
Hah! Who do you think
you're talking to?
I'm Jet Link, remember?!
[Heinrich]
We need an atmospheric fill-up.
Huh?
[Jet] What's wrong? 004! 009!
[Heinrich] What the hell?
This is not going to be good.
[Joe] There's no atmosphere
in here.
-Not possible.
-[alarms blaring]
[gasps] In another six minutes,
you'll be out of oxygen!
[ballad playing]
[singing in Japanese]